doc: wifi: Move Regulatory Certification Testing doc to NCS (#21024)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

Wi-Fi
-----

> * Moved the :ref:`ug_wifi_regulatory_certification` documentation under :ref:`ug_wifi` protocol from the `Guidelines for nRF70 Series devices`_ page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The :ref:`ug_wifi_regulatory_certification` documentation is now moved under :ref:`ug_wifi` protocol page.
```
